ContentUpdate move title to property (#13)
answear/luigis-box-bundle: README.md

// ...

$collection = new ContentUpdateCollection([new ContentUpdate('product title', 'product/url', 'object type', ['field' => 'field 1'])]);

/** @var \Answear\LuigisBoxBundle\Service\Request $request **/
$apiResponse = $request->contentUpdate($collection);
```

> Note! If you pass `title` field on `fields` array, it will be sent to Luigi's Box instead of property `$title`. If there is no `title` on `fields` array than property `$title` will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`First argument (`$title`) will used as product's title in Luigi's Box unless a `title` field is present in the `$fields` argument. 
```
